[R4R] Slight cleanup of distribution specification (#2765)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/spec/distribution/overview.md

## Overview

This _simple_ distribution mechanism describes a functional way to passively

> distribute rewards between validators and delegators. Note, that this mechanism does

Reviewer: Why do we want to add a comma after `Note`?

Author: Removed.

not distribute funds in as precisely as active reward distribution mechanisms and
will therefore be upgraded in the future.

The mechanism operates as follows. Collected rewards are pooled globally and
divided out passively to validators and delegators. Each validator has the
opportunity to charge commission to the delegators on the rewards collected on
behalf of the delegators. Fees are collected directly into a global reward pool
and validator proposer-reward pool. Due to the nature of passive accounting,
whenever changes to parameters which affect the rate of reward distribution
occurs, withdrawal of rewards must also occur.

- Whenever withdrawing, one must withdraw the maximum amount they are entitled

>    too, leaving nothing in the pool.

Reviewer: *to

Author: Missed this. Resolved.

following rewards between validators and associated delegators:

- multi-token fees to be socially distributed
- proposer reward pool
- inflated atom provisions
- validator commission on all rewards earned by their delegators stake

Fees are pooled within a global pool, as well as validator specific
proposer-reward pools. The mechanisms used allow for validators and delegators
to independently and lazily withdraw their rewards.  

## Shortcomings

As a part of the lazy computations, each delegator holds an accumulation term
specific to each validator which is used to estimate what their approximate
fair portion of tokens held in the global fee pool is owed to them.

```
entitlement = delegator-accumulation / all-delegators-accumulation
```

Under the circumstance that there were constant and equal flows of incoming
reward tokens every block, this distribution mechanism would be equal to the
active distribution (distribute individually to all delegators each block).
However, this is unrealistic so deviations from the active distribution will
occur based on fluctuations of incoming reward tokens as well as timing of
reward withdrawal by other delegators.

> If you happen to know that incoming rewards are about significantly go up,

Reviewer: about *to* significantly go up

Also, we could link to https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/2764, which is precisely this problem

Author: Updated.

you are incentivized to not withdraw until after this event, increasing the
worth of your existing _accum_.

## Affect on Staking

Charging commission on Atom provisions while also allowing for Atom-provisions
to be auto-bonded (distributed directly to the validators bonded stake) is

> problematic within DPoS. Fundamentally, these two mechanisms are mutually

Reviewer: I think we're calling it `BPoS` now

Author: Updated.

exclusive. If there are Atom commissions and auto-bonding Atoms, the portion

> of Atoms in the reward distribution calculation would become very large as the Atom

Author: Also, I find the following to be a mouthful and somewhat hard to grasp:

```
If there are Atom commissions and auto-bonding Atoms, the portion
of Atoms in the reward distribution calculation would become very large as the Atom
portion for each delegator would change each block making a withdrawal of rewards
for a delegator require a calculation for every single block since the last
withdrawal.
```

Maybe it's just me? 😅

Reviewer: No, it could be better phrased, maybe: `If there are both commissions and auto-bonding on the staking token, the amount of staking tokens each validator and delegator has would change each block, so we would have to iterate through all of them`

cc @rigelrozanski

distribute rewards between validators and delegators. Note that this mechanism does
not distribute funds in as precisely as active reward distribution mechanisms and
will therefore be upgraded in the future.

The mechanism operates as follows. Collected rewards are pooled globally and
divided out passively to validators and delegators. Each validator has the
opportunity to charge commission to the delegators on the rewards collected on
behalf of the delegators. Fees are collected directly into a global reward pool
and validator proposer-reward pool. Due to the nature of passive accounting,
whenever changes to parameters which affect the rate of reward distribution
occurs, withdrawal of rewards must also occur.

- Whenever withdrawing, one must withdraw the maximum amount they are entitled
   to, leaving nothing in the pool.
- Whenever bonding, unbonding, or re-delegating tokens to an existing account, a
   full withdrawal of the rewards must occur (as the rules for lazy accounting
   change).
- Whenever a validator chooses to change the commission on rewards, all accumulated
   commission rewards must be simultaneously withdrawn.

The above scenarios are covered in `hooks.md`.

> The distribution mechanism outlines herein are used to lazily distribute the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The distribution mechanism outlined herein is used to lazily distribute the
```

following rewards between validators and associated delegators:

- multi-token fees to be socially distributed
- proposer reward pool
- inflated atom provisions
- validator commission on all rewards earned by their delegators stake

Fees are pooled within a global pool, as well as validator specific
proposer-reward pools. The mechanisms used allow for validators and delegators
to independently and lazily withdraw their rewards.  

## Shortcomings

As a part of the lazy computations, each delegator holds an accumulation term
specific to each validator which is used to estimate what their approximate
fair portion of tokens held in the global fee pool is owed to them.

```
entitlement = delegator-accumulation / all-delegators-accumulation
```

> Under the circumstance that there were constant and equal flows of incoming

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the circumstance that there was constant and equal flow of incoming
```

reward tokens every block, this distribution mechanism would be equal to the
active distribution (distribute individually to all delegators each block).
However, this is unrealistic so deviations from the active distribution will
occur based on fluctuations of incoming reward tokens as well as timing of
reward withdrawal by other delegators.

> If you happen to know that incoming rewards are about to significantly go up,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you happen to know that incoming rewards are about to significantly increase,
```

you are incentivized to not withdraw until after this event, increasing the
worth of your existing _accum_. See [#2764](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/2764)
for further details.

## Affect on Staking

Charging commission on Atom provisions while also allowing for Atom-provisions
to be auto-bonded (distributed directly to the validators bonded stake) is
problematic within BPoS. Fundamentally, these two mechanisms are mutually
exclusive. If there are both commissions and auto-bonding on the staking token,
the amount of staking tokens each validator and delegator has would change each

> block, so we would have to iterate through all of them.

Reviewer 2: I think this would be clearer/more-accurate for the final sentence in this paragraph: 

If both commission and auto-bonding mechanisms are simultaneously applied to the staking-token then the distribution of staking-tokens between any validator and its delegators will change with each block. This then necessitates a calculation for _each_ delegation records for _each_ block - which is considered computationally infeasible.

Author: Sure, I like that. Will update.
